= adaptable_tests_for_rails

Sets up testing environment for multiple databases.


== Installation

Using bundler:

    group :test do
      gem 'adaptable_tests_for_rails'
    end


== Configuration

Create the different environments in database.yml (they should all be prefixed with test_) and specify a default configuration:

    test_sqlite_memory: &DEFAULT_TEST
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: ":memory:"
      verbosity: quiet

    test_sqlite_file:
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: db/test.sqlite3

    test_mysql:
      database: gvt-us_test
      <<: *base

    test:
      <<: *DEFAULT_TEST


== Usage

Now you can run tests normally.

    rake

This will run tests with *DEFAULT_TEST configuration.

You can also run tests for a specific database config:

    rake spec DB=sqlite_file

This will run the test_sqlite_file configuration.

Notice that none of this configuration is unique to adaptable_tests_for_rails.  Each of these configuration paradigms are simply
Ruby or Rails paradigms.


== License

Copyright (c) 2011 C. Jason Harrelson (midas)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
